log, camera and scoped storage (#19)
owncloud/docs-client-android: modules/ROOT/pages/settings.adoc

== Camera Uploads

> If you take photos or create videos with your Android device, they can be automatically uploaded to your ownCloud server. To enable this, under _"Camera uploads"_ tap one or both of _Picture uploads_ or _Video uploads_. The following image shows the settings for the picture upload. The same settings are available on a separate screen for video uploads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you take photos or create videos with your Android device, they can be automatically uploaded to your ownCloud server. To enable this, under _"Camera uploads"_ tap _Picture uploads_ or _Video uploads_ or both. The following image shows the settings for the picture upload. The same settings are available on a separate screen for video uploads.
```

image:settings/android-settings-camera-upload.png[{app-name} settings - picture and video upload configuration, width=40%,pdfwidth=40%]

By enabling these features, any new photos or videos which you create will be automatically uploaded every 15 minutes. Photos and videos are not uploaded when they’re created, to focus on reliability, instead of immediacy, and to avoid battery draining caused by excessive checking of the camera folder.

NOTE: Be aware that if you used the earlier _Instant Uploads_ feature, you will lose the configuration and have to enable the "Camera uploads" feature if you want to use it, since it needs to be initialized and configured properly.

> If you’re concerned about mobile data usage, or have an account with limited data available, you can limit uploading to only when a WiFi is in use. This option is visible once you've enabled the respective option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re concerned about mobile data usage or have an account with limited data available, you can limit uploading to only when a WiFi is in use.
```

Reviewer: I can't picture how to enable an invisible option. Am I missing something here?

* For photos tap *Upload pictures via wifi only*
* For videos tap *Upload videos via wifi only*

> In addition, you can select to upload only when charging the device avoiding battery drain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, you can select to upload only when charging the device to avoid battery drain.
```

> NOTE: Selected conditional uploads are meant in the way, if both are selected for a type, both requirements must be fulfilled that uploads are processed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If both conditional uploads are selected for a type, both requirements must be fulfilled for uploads to happen. 
```

> NOTE: Selected conditional uploads are meant in the way, if both are selected for a type, both requirements must be fulfilled that uploads are processed. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: All selected uploading conditions must be met for uploads to happen.
```

> By default, photos and videos are uploaded to a directory called `/CameraUpload`. However, you also have the option to use an existing directory, or to create a new one. To change the upload location, tap on _Picture upload path_ under photos or _Video upload_ path under videos, and choose one of the folders displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, photos and videos are uploaded to a directory called `/CameraUpload`. However, you also have the option to use an existing directory or to create a new one. To change the upload location, tap on _Picture upload path_ under photos or _Video upload_ path under videos and choose one of the folders displayed.
```

== Logs

If you detect a problem or a bug in the {app-name}, you can send us logs about the problem. You will find the list of logs in the Settings view, after enabling it. To enable the logs, you have to _tap five times on the version and build information_, available under menu:Settings[ownCloud for Android] .

> When enabled, inside the log section of the Android owncloud app, options to share and delete logs are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, inside the log section of the Android ownCloud app, options to share and delete logs are available.
```

> You can open a log for viewing/searching content by tapping on it. As a prerquisiste, an app must be installed capable reading/searching in log files. ownCloud does not provide a built-in log reader anymore as there are many professional apps available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can open a log for viewing content by tapping on it. As a prerequisite, an app capable of reading and searching in log files must be installed. ownCloud does not provide a built-in log reader anymore as there are many professional apps available.
```

> You can open a log for viewing/searching content by tapping on it. As a prerquisiste, an app must be installed capable reading/searching in log files. ownCloud does not provide a built-in log reader anymore as there are many professional apps available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can open a log for viewing/searching content by tapping on it. As a prerequisite, an app must be installed that is capable of reading/searching in log files. ownCloud does not provide a built-in log reader anymore as there are many professional apps available.
```

The following options are available to manage logs:

. Opening a log file with your favorite log viewer by tapping on the log file row
. Sharing a log file with other apps by clicking on the share icon
. Deleting a log file by clicking the bin icon.

Note, an automatically running task will remove logs older than a week to keep space requirements small.

image:logs/show-logs-list.png[View logs in the {app-name}, width=40%,pdfwidth=40%]

> To view log details or search inside a log, tap on a log from the log list. Three things can happen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view details or search inside a log file, tap on the respective entry in the log list. Three things can happen:
```

. No log reading app found
+
If this occurs, install a log reading app of your choice.
+
image:logs/no-log-reading-app-found.png[No log reading app found, width=40%,pdfwidth=40%]

> . Exact one log reading app is installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Exactly one log reading app is installed
```

> . Exact one log reading app is installed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Exactly one log reading app is installed
```

+
The log reading app opens and the log is shown. The example image shows the `Log Viewer` app.
+
image:logs/log-viewer-opened.png[Log Viewer opened with log selected, width=40%,pdfwidth=40%]

. Select a log reading app from the list of available ones
+

> After selecting the app, the log gets opened by the app selected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After selecting the app, the log is opened by the app selected.
```
